NOS president is rafael correa a
charismatic leader who once a week
doesn't address to the nation he called
citizenlink whereas you'll see some
amazing things can happen yes that is
how a president should address our
nation in fact every presidential speech
from now on you have somewhere within it
in brackets clown enters these addresses
can clearly be pretty fun
unfortunately they can't also take a
darker turn yes darker even than a clown
because corona frequently uses them as a
platform to attack people he feels
insulted by on more than one occasion
he's ripped up newspapers that have
criticized him because i guess he
doesn't realize that newspapers tend to
print more than one color last week it
actually got even worse when for some
reason he decided to start calling out
individuals by name who had been abusing
him on twitter but during halide I
reverted to another little angel he said
Twitter's been weaver whose real name is
Johanna hood ok so young what a shame 18
years old very young Oh 18 so young so
immature unlike me the 51 year old head
of state who is currently attacking him
in public
to be fair to him that 18 year olds had
expressed a hope that Korea would die
but but should have people who take care
of that sort of thing for him rather
than spending like he did nearly 15
minutes calling out online trolls even
attacking one individuals Facebook page
Leland halidom Miller kids a Lulu
and I didn't even know his name it was
just a new boy with order he's got a
whole bunch of trash on his face yep
of course he has that's what Facebook is
it is full of trash stop googling
yourself you're president of Ecuador he
even explicitly encouraged his
supporters to tweet back at his
attackers dono magnetism oh man they
responded ever we are more many we will
respond ability in exactly the same way
my friends if they send one tweet will
send 10,000 because we have 10,000
involved in the Twitter war one of those
right it possible President Correa if
you're this sensitive then Twitter and
Facebook might not be for you and to be
honest being a world leader might not be
for you unless you can build up your
tolerance for personal abuse trust me
I've been through this I used to be very
sensitive then I became a comedian and I
got insulted so much I can't feel
anything anymore it's made me stronger
as a person emptier and stronger so you
don't need less abuse you need more you
need more abuse to tip you over the edge
so allow me to help you right now
you know smug smile you've got you look
like a used Jeremy Piven salesman you
look like every real housewife third
husband in fact you're the only presence
at whom this might be the single most
dignified moment of your presidency and
by the way what the hell is happening
here
that's a necklace made out of penises
that's a dickless around your neck
because if your skin was any thinner
you'd be a change